hello guys and welcome back to some more
feed the beast with dan he's back again
whoo how's it going down it's going good
you know not as good as your heaven
right now happens oh yeah I'm loving
this look so I uh before we fought we
started this I said to Dan that I had a
little surprise for him and he doesn't
know what this is like at all so Danny
you see this red laser coming to her
house yeah it's the new wiper ah it's
the new waypoints yeah like a like a a
beam yeah after what a beam goes up and
down vertically the hallway is this what
you were showing me oh no no I got
something awesome for you so dad follow
me follow me okay okay now wait yeah
you're right Oh Dan would you care to
take the skeleton downward wait wait
wait wait wait what is that what's what
what is the thing in that wall nothing
in that hole down there's the thing in
that Hall is there a thing in ajo yeah
you're gonna kill me you're gonna try
and kill me oh so it's nice no no no sit
down I've got to take it make yourself
comfortable okay it's story time you go
okay okay so let me do something right
okay okay yet now really okay so
yesterday down I thought our Dan's not
around but I do need to get an ftp video
recorded so I did I did a solo on you
know we did a few things I may I finally
made some long fall boots they were good
and and then I realized you know what
I'd like to build an entrance onto the
house to make it just a bit more safe
then I'll obviously through our
inventory and I noticed something you
know what we're out of wood so I'm
coming over here right I'm jetpacking my
way over here and what happens I get
sucked to the moon slow down you know
what's gonna go you know what's gonna
happen now this is where the story gets
really really good you know what's good
you know why this is gonna get really
good down
you ready for this yeah you're gonna
make me all of my stuff from your
resources the best up by portal now that
is your portal no there's my portal
portal if that who's what that's why cuz
yoshi i was just sending you through the
thing who supported us whose portal is
that god damn it web portal see that's
what happened last episode and you can
watch that back because uh that was the
episode am straight that was the episode
before this done and that will be out
and I finished the video I raged well
that's not my fault man look Elliot Oh
God so you're gonna pay me back anyway
so I need a full enchanted gear that was
I think we're iron into chain I need a
jet pack some long fall boots I have to
get a pencil in a pen Yoshi okay you can
just calm down okay okay what no we're
doing this yeah we are doing this I said
to myself at the end of that episode i
said if i get an episode next well
tomorrow recorded with down which we are
it's fine if i get an episode recorded
with down tomorrow i am going to be
getting on my stuff back in listing this
I've been looking forward to this for
quite a while uh-huh hey yo see what's
up so where's your jet pack on the moon
hey it's great it's now by portal so the
question is whose fuck I don't know it's
purple that's red what are you talking
about that's powerful that's bread that
is purple down Yoshi you colorblind fuck
that is ready that is no the portal that
the way point to our house is red of
that is purple though the portal that's
at the moon and the moon is don't you
dare yeah what y'all don't argue with me
in a position to be arguing with me damn
straight you're going to the Sun it
doesn't matter I don't have anything
because I've already been to the fucking
moon yes sir so what did you lose here
ok so are you ready to go yeah ok so a
jetpack ok long fur boots tag long fall
boots a full enchanted iron full
enchanted bullshit uh no you talking
about ok it's fine um iron I had a
diamond sword and chanted and I had iron
tools plus I'm just gonna go with Ruby
tools yeah school I feel like he isn't
gonna do this um I'm front of thing I
think the rest of the stuff down luckily
for you was just trash shit I don't care
and that's about it so uh I will I will
be your loan shark oh yeah hey Dan I'm
right behind you I could just click and
true true what you gonna do protect
yourself with your armor now just bitch
you don't got any yeah but I don't lose
anything so it doesn't matter so there
you go get there there you go down I am
your I'm Luke I'm your loan shark until
you repay me I will have to figure out a
bounty in the next episode for every
single day or well no let's be fair
every single episode you don't pay me at
least one item back well ok there was at
least two weeks between this episode so
I've got a while wow I was away in packs
and so were you I was trying to say yeah
well I living way to recorded like an
ftp why you should have done that that
would have been oh yeah just that would
have been fun actually haha so they go
down oh my god it would have been so
awesome if we went to the the mega
computer stand and like we just had
Frankie record just nice to you oh yeah
that would've been close you could join
any ft be 0 you want it no I know ah Oh
things we think about
after we're gone right so there you go
you know I'm perfectly happy finishing
this episode of here that's what I
wanted to get done I just wanted to get
my loan initiated ok ok so we're so
we're finishing this episode here yeah
if you got anything else you need to do
today no no uh yeah actually yes there
was more of a mental thing you know ya
know I've got one more thing ok what's
up I hate you is that over two is that
over here is that all wrecked in your
bed cuz dam you know what fine fine you
know you've got to uh you can kill me
where you want been the end of the day
you got to pay me back I mean I mean it
wasn't my portal in the first place I
don't care
you